README.md, before:

﻿<h1> <img src="favicon.ico" alt="Logo" height="45" width="45" align="top"/> Gamepad-Viewer App</h1>

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/issues)
[![GitHub downlaods](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/releases/latest)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app?include_prereleases&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/releases/latest)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/main/LICENSE)

Gamepad-Viewer App is a open source application made in [ElectronJS](https://www.electronjs.org/), using [the Gamepad API](https://w3c.github.io/gamepad/).

___

## Features

* Displays your controller inputs in a window, you can change from PS4 layout to Xbox One Layout (there will be more later)

* Change the background color as you wish

* Show your inputs on your stream (OBS, Streamlabs ect)

##### How to add your controller to OBS : 

Add a window capture to your scene

![image1](/assets/tutorial/tuto-1.png)

Select the Gamepad Viewer app

![image2](/assets/tutorial/tuto-2.png)

Crop the render of the window in OBS (Alt + Click on the side you want to crop)

![image3](/assets/tutorial/tuto-3.png)

Right-Click on your window capture, Filters, add a Color Key

![image4](/assets/tutorial/tuto-4.png)

Select the color you've set on the background of the application

![image5](/assets/tutorial/tuto-5.png)

And here you go, your inputs are now displayed on your stream and you can add a game in the background !

![image6](/assets/tutorial/tuto-6.png)





## Installing

1. Go to the [release page](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/releases/latest) and download the latest version of the app

2. Unzip the file

3. Launch the gamepadviewer-app.exe 

___

If you have any problem, feel free to contact me on Discord : Kuha#0001

Commit message:

Updated Readme with known issues and added Discord Server

README.md, after:

﻿<h1> <img src="favicon.ico" alt="Logo" height="45" width="45" align="top"/> Gamepad-Viewer App</h1>

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/issues)
[![GitHub downlaods](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/releases/latest)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app?include_prereleases&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/releases/latest)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/main/LICENSE)

Gamepad-Viewer App is a open source application made in [ElectronJS](https://www.electronjs.org/), using [the Gamepad API](https://w3c.github.io/gamepad/).

___

## Features

* Displays your controller inputs in a window, you can change from PS4 layout to Xbox One Layout (there will be more later)

* Change the background color as you wish

* Show your inputs on your stream (OBS, Streamlabs ect)

##### How to add your controller to OBS : 

Add a window capture to your scene

![image1](/assets/tutorial/tuto-1.png)

Select the Gamepad Viewer app

![image2](/assets/tutorial/tuto-2.png)

Crop the render of the window in OBS (Alt + Click on the side you want to crop)

![image3](/assets/tutorial/tuto-3.png)

Right-Click on your window capture, Filters, add a Color Key

![image4](/assets/tutorial/tuto-4.png)

Select the color you've set on the background of the application

![image5](/assets/tutorial/tuto-5.png)

And here you go, your inputs are now displayed on your stream and you can add a game in the background !

![image6](/assets/tutorial/tuto-6.png)





## Installing

1. Go to the [release page](https://github.com/corentinmace/gamepad-viewer-app/releases/latest) and download the latest version of the app

2. Unzip the file

3. Launch the gamepadviewer-app.exe 

___

## Known Issues

* Controller is not recocgnized if Steam is started (using Steam Input) and the controller is connected using Bluetooth, you can fix it by using your controller wired 

If you have any problem, feel free to join the [Discord](https://discord.gg/nhvh8zeYdX)
